here at a nail salon you get to hang out
with a chihuahua what is that such a
gorgeous day outside it is good
stay 3 3 i'm here with a new friend it's
georgia she would've made I love your
Instagram honestly I was like cuz we met
huge Twitter yeah it's like a twitter
friend I'm telling you guys you want to
be my friend Twitter today i'll be going
to summer in the city but before then I
need
I'm going to try to find a coffee shop
some coffee I've been trying to do a
good British accent for like days people
keep asking me and I can't I can't do it
without laughing thank you my thing like
I think I'd be brazen say I want a
cheeseburger from mcdonalds
that was no no that was both law because
everyone who tries to my head just like
super California like everyone would be
like
so I finally got a new episode of that
creative life feels good and now it's
time to head to summer in the city
summer in the city brookside know I've
been doing a lot of editing and like
staying in my own world for a while and
so sometimes when you get tired and
you're editing a lot you know it's like
I don't wanna go hang out with people go
out but every time I do it's like so
refreshing and it's such a lovely time
of Georgia and just this entire trip
I've met so many amazing people and it's
just been so good I just sometimes you
got to get out there remind yourself the
people people are awesome meeting new
people you know we don't have things
figured out but just talking to people
who are kind of in the same circle doing
the same thing as you is very refreshing
panel room too where's my there's my
name let's go I'm really looking forward
to meeting hopefully a lot of you guys
what am I internet fan because I talk I
talked to a lot of un I'm Twitter we've
become really an Internet fan and it's
always great to put a twitter handle to
a face here's the main
a lot of craziness going on
sullivan i think
and yeah this is
oh there's like a riot
we increase their panel
this place is so massive but this is
where all the meet and greet lines are
and then here's like a main stage
Wow there is there's 12 there's 13 meet
and greet lines
theology travelpod is here so i suppose
we'll just let you guys introduce
yourself it's always a very thing going
outside like when i carry yourself but
you know when this is winging it around
everyone takes that picture put your
face in it have any moments where you've
gone I'm gonna go kia specific you know
it slipped on oh you just went here so
we could do something fun for your vlog
but it seems that having the camera and
having that obligation it's like it's
made me get out of my comfort zone and
do fun things and do cool things i just
recently switched to like daily vlogging
and it's tough but at the same time it
makes me every single day get out of my
room kind of get out of my comfort zones
i think that's the same a travel if what
is something super fun and cool that you
can make a video about maybe it will
make you like pushing women's
hey
shea/for in London I'm about to head out
back to New York City but I had to see
one thing we're leaving and it's the
London grit not London Bridge the okay
this is a couple under bridge however
the Tower Bridge
london taken in a few of the sites i'm
here with an internet promised a
real-life friends jacob jacob and you
have been in the London area about a
year about yes when a push on the spot
coffee shop and restaurant okay so me
you come to London we've got these great
changes for tats offbeat is quite a few
of them and they have like really
beautiful interior
so if you want to get like a really nice
culture into is time and a good
Instagram and a good Instagram that's
key and restaurant I'm
see place is called pink threes and
those are like the best I likes to bake
ok i'm a big
depends in your argument
I just went straight across when you had
a lot of junk food yeah I mean that's
probably the computer big I think no
junk food is worse I mean jungle yeah
your junk food is worse than yeah
fastest but I think like particularly
with London like you have a massive like
vegan proud among a vegetarian crowd and
then you have like all the different
cuisines right indian chiming yeah I
just feel like you get lots of options
here like some really good like chefs
and there's like your standards like a
lot of good flavors yeah because I think
it's really easy America and to get in
the flow of like fast food chains and
stuff like that we went we just went to
a market and like this might be marks
around them and like all the street food
is like it was very good you're like
people could be a bit scared but can I
trust this but like so good nice driving
yeah tres that's a yeah trust Street
food market stuff I mean it was really
good it was really good so a plus London
food is great views are great and it
and it was so real so so needs a very
lucky yes look at the view
I cannot put into words what a beautiful
day is all of all the British people
have been saying what amazing weather it
has been this weekend and how we got
super lucky for being hurt hanging out
with Jacob this morning getting a lot of
great food market bridge was over it was
very relaxing much needed last day in
London yesterday I just got disappointed
really disappointed by certain situation
that had me down about like ever healthy
place to be is it was a good good last
day in London
amazing weather amazing mother I don't
think I say this enough but just thank
you like thank you for watching peace
videos thank you for watching my daily
applause thank you create a space TV
thank you for watching that creative
life whatever your jamaz on this channel
just thank you thanks for hanging out
with me and I'm just I'm grateful early
on so until next time stay peachy okay